C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.exe
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.deps.json
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.dll
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.pdb
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\App.g.cs
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.g.resources
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.dll
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\refint\PotentialMethod.dll
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.pdb
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\sofia\source\repos\MAI\ИИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\ref\PotentialMethod.dll
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.exe
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.deps.json
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.dll
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.pdb
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\App.g.cs
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.g.resources
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.dll
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\refint\PotentialMethod.dll
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.pdb
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\PotentialMethod.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\sofia\source\repos\Флахры из МАИ\PotentialMethod\PotentialMethod\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\ref\PotentialMethod.dll
